# Introduction

8+ years old

2 to 5 players

Around 30 minutes


# Game Story

[Description]


# Component List

24 Employee cards
30 Objective cards
99 Resource cards


# Preparation

Sort the cards by category (employee, objective, resource) and shuffle them to form three 
draw piles, face down.

Each player draw four cards from the resource pile (players make sure to keep their cards hidden).

The [xxxx] player starts the game.


# Playing The Game

Turn order proceeds clockwise.

The phases of a turn are "Objective completion", "Gathering" and "Formation".
These phases are performed in that order and cannot be interchanged.

## 1. Objective completion (optional)

A player complete objective.
This cannot be done more than once per turn.

[Description of the objective completion and rules]


## 2. Gathering (mandatory)

Player pick and perform one of these two actions.

a. [Draw 2 cards]

b. [Fire employee auction]


## 3. Formation (optional)

Once per employee [under his direction], the player can upgrade this employee.

[Description of the upgrade act and rules]


# End of the Game

The Game end when reaching one of two conditions:


## 1. Completed objectives

This Game conditions depend on the number of players:

- 2 players: when a player completes his ninth objective, it triggers the last round.
- 3 players: when a player completes his eighth objective, it triggers the last round.
- 4 players: when a player completes his seventh objective it triggers the last round.

The other players then each have a final turn in which they can 
attempt to complete objectives to improve their scores.

## 2. Out of components

When a pile of card run out, the current player end his turn.

The game then ends, without any last round.


# Determining the winner

Each player totals the points generated by their objectives 
completed during the game. Any cards still in hand have 
no value.

The player with the highest score wins the game and 
receives the congratulations of their peer.

In case of a tie, the player with the most completed objective cards wins.
In the event of a further tie, the tied players share the victory...


# Credits
__Authors:__ Christian Blais, Guillaume Malette, Thierry Joyal

__Illustrator:__ Marie-Hélène Baussart
